.TH lmi 1 "October 2013" "openlmi-scripts 0.2.2" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
lmi \- meta-command for managing systems with OpenLMI providers
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B     lmi [options] [(--trace | --notrace)] [-v]... [-h <host>]...
.RS
.B         <command> [<args> ...]
.RE
.B     lmi [options] [(--trace | --notrace)] [-v]... [-h <host>]...
.B     lmi (--help | --version)
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Allows to set a path to file, where messages will be logged. No log file is written at default.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I -c --config-file <config>
Path to a user configuration file. Options specified here override any settings of global configuration file.
.TP
.I -h --host <host>
Hostname of target system.
.TP
.I --hosts-file <hosts>
Path to a file containing target hostnames. Each hostname must be listed on a single line.
.TP
.I --user <user>
Username used in connection to any target host.
.TP
.I --same-credentials
Use the first credentials given for all hosts.
.TP
.I -n --noverify
Do not verify cimom's ssl certificate.
.TP
.I -v
Increase verbosity of output.
.TP
.I --trace
Show tracebacks on errors.
.TP
.I --notrace
Suppress tracebacks for exceptions.
.TP
.I -q --quiet
Supress output except for errors.
.TP
.I --log-file <log_file>
Output file for logging messages.
.TP
.I --namespace <namespace>
Default CIM namespace to use.
.TP
.I -N --no-headings
Don't print table headings.
.TP
.I -H --human-friendly
Print large values in human friendly units (i.e. MB, GB, TB etc.)
.TP
.I -L --lister-format (table | csv)
 Print output of lister commands in CSV or table format. CSV format is more suitable for machine processing. Defaults to table.
.TP
.I --help
Show this text and quit.
.TP
.I --version
Print version of 'lmi' in use and quit.
.SH CONFIGURATION
There is a system-wide configuration file located at
`/etc/openlmi/lmi.conf` and user configuration file searched at `~/.lmirc`.
File path of the later can also be specified with
.B --config-file
option. Options in user configuration overrides system-wide.

The configuration consists of sections, led by a
.B [section]
header and followed by
.B name: value
entries. Comments are prefixed with
.B #
or
.B ;
.PP
Please refer to
.B RFC 822
for more details on this format. Follows a list of possible configuration
options with leading section names.
.TP
.B Main Section
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B CommandNamespace
Default:
.B lmi.scripts.cmd
.IP
Python namespace, where command entry points will be searched for.
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B Trace
Default:
.B False
.IP
Whether the exceptions should be logged with tracebacks.
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B Verbosity
Default:
.B 0
.IP
An integer from -1 to 2 saying, how verbosive the output to console shall be. This differs from [Log] Level, which controls the logging messages being logged to file. If logging to console is enabled it sets the minimum severity level. -1 Supresses all messages except for critical ones. 0 shows warnings, 1 info messages and 2 enables debug messages. This option also affects the verbosity of commands, making them print more information to stdout.
.RE
.TP
.B CIM Section
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B namespace
Default:
.B root/cimv2
.IP
To override default CIM namespace, uncomment the line below.
.RE
.TP
.B SSL Section
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B VerifyServerCertificate
Default:
.B True
.IP
Whether to verify server-side certificate, when making secured connection over ssl.
.RE
.TP
.B Format Section
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B HumanFriendly
Default:
.B False
.IP
Whether to print values in human readable forms (e.g. with units).
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B ListerFormat
Default:
.B table
.IP
What format to use, when listing tabular data. Possible values are: {csv, table}. The former allows for easy machine parsing, the latter is more human friendly.
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B NoHeadings
Default:
.B False
.IP
Whether to suppress headings (column names) when printing tables.
.RE
.TP
.B Log Section
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B Level
Default:
.B ERROR
.IP
Level can be set to following values: DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR, CRITICAL Affects only logging to a file.
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B ConsoleFormat
Default:
.B %(levelname)s: %(message)s
.IP
Format string used, when logging to a console. For details visit: http://docs.python.org/2/library/logging.html#logrecord-attributes
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B LogToConsole
Default:
.B True
.IP
Whether the logging to console is enabled.
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B FileFormat
Default:
.B %(asctime)s:%(levelname)-8s:%(name)s:%(lineno)d - %(message)s
.IP
Format string used, when logging to a file.
.RE
.RS 4
.TP 4
.B OutputFile
Allows to set a path to file, where messages will be logged. No log file is written at default.
.RE
.SH AUTHORS
.LP
Michal Minar <miminar@redhat.com>
